Hey what's up, guys? Explanation pro is here.
Today I'll explain a Horror/comedy horror
film. Title PEE MAK. Spoilers incoming.
The film opens in a small house, where the
pregnant Nak falls to the ground, calling
his husband’s name, Pee Mak.
The film then transitions to a medic, Ter,
grimly telling his comrades about his experience.
As a result, he gets slapped in the head by
a man with a stupid-looking hairdo, Puak.
Mak then is brought to the room, screaming
in pain, only to find out that it’s just
a sprain. Puak encourages them never to surrender,
telling them that they still have swords to
fight against the enemy. As they courageously
charge, they forget that the enemies have
guns.
In the trenches, Mak tells his new friends
that they will not die there because he still
wants to see his wife and child. Because of
this, they carried on to battle, with Mak
getting shot every time. While this is happening,
Nak hauntingly sings for her husband, making
the townspeople lock themselves in their houses.
She must be a bad singer.
Wouldn’t you know it, the gang survives
the war. Afterward, Mak returns in a boat
to Phra Khanong while being accompanied by
his friends. Upon reaching the town, all they
see are empty houses. They then continue toward
Mak’s house, and they reach the place by
nightfall.
Mak calls Nak, but he receives no reply. Mak
then sees a rocking baby’s crib, but he
finds it empty upon inspection. Suddenly,
Nak hugs him from behind. They then joyfully
kiss and embrace each other. Mak then sees
his son, with Nak informing him that she named
the child after his favourite name. Upon shouting
the name, the gang gets disappointed by how
ugly the name is, with Puak commenting that
his servant has a nicer name.
Afterward, Mak introduces his wife to his
friends in order: Aey, Ter, Puak, and Shin.
After learning that his friends have to stay
for one night because it is already too late
to leave, Mak implores them to stay for much
longer than that. Mak then points them to
his aunt’s old house across the river, telling
them to stay there for a while.
That night, Mak tells Nak that she is all
he thought about during the war. After Nak
scares him by pointing out that there is a
ghost, Mak immediately tells Nak that he’s
afraid of ghosts, which somehow makes Nak
sad. After talking to each other, Nak proceeds
to rock the baby while singing a haunting
lullaby that echoes throughout, inducing the
townspeople with fear.
The following day, Puak is rudely awakened
by Shin imitating the chirping of birds. Mak
then shouts at them from outside, telling
them that they have to go to the market. Ter
and Mak then see a boat carrying dead bodies
from the war.
While rowing a boat toward the town, Shin
waves at Nak, who is by the window. But Nak
just ominously stares, making Shin uncomfortable.
When they reach the town, they find the market
is crowded. Mak then approaches a street vendor
that he knows, but the street vendor immediately
hides what she’s selling, telling Mak that
she’s all out. This happens again with another
vendor, who tells Mak that he’s not selling
fish because it’s a holy day.
In the liquor store, Mak talks to the dozing
vendor. However, realizing that the boy is
Mak, the vendor suddenly tells Mak that he
should look under and between his legs to
see what Nak is. But she is interrupted by
a boy named Ping, who tells the gang that
she speaks nonsense when drunk.
That night, while drinking, the four boys
talk about the strange happenings earlier.
Shin then tells them that when he was a child,
his mom would tell her that one can see a
ghost by looking between the legs. Ter then
asks her if he implies that Nak is a ghost,
and when Shin nods, the other three laugh
at him. They then command Shin to invite Mak
to their drinking session, and Shin has no
choice but to accept because he’s that least
drunk.
While Shin is climbing the stairs to Mak’s
house, one of the steps breaks. He sees Nak,
asking her if Mak is there. He then feels
relief because Nak talks to him normally.
However, Nak begins to bleed from between
her legs, ending with a nightmarish drop of
a fetus.
Shin suddenly wakes up from this bad dream.
But he soon finds out that it is a case of
déjà vu. After being commanded again to
go to Mak’s house, Shin goes again and climbs
the stairs. Knowing one of the steps is going
to break, he crosses beyond it, but the next
step breaks instead. After getting up to the
house, he finds the whole house untidy. After
seeing the crib move by itself and seeing
Nak’s hand reaching a lime below the house
even if she’s upstairs, Shin leaves the
scene immediately to return to his buddies.
Aey, Ter, and Puak drunkenly sing and dance
their marching song. Shin then arrives to
tell them that Nak is a ghost, stating that
the house is messy, the crib moved on its
own, and Nak inhumanly reaches a lime with
a long arm. But all of this is countered by
Shin’s friends as imaginations.
The following day, the gang helps Mak because
the townspeople all act strange. Ter is then
assigned to take the axe inside the house.
Upon climbing the stairs, Ter sees that Shin
was correct in saying that the house is untidy.
He then attempts to look between his legs,
but instead, he wrongly looks at Nak’s legs.
Ter then tells Shin that he made the ghost-identifying
move but finds nothing.
Afterward, Ter takes a dump in the forest.
There, he sees a mummified corpse wearing
a ring, making him run. In his run, he knocks
over a bee’s nest, and when he returns,
Shin and Aey see his bloated face from bee
stings. Ter then sees Nak wearing the same
ring that the corpse had, finally concluding
that Nak is indeed a ghost. He tries to warn
his friends, but they cannot understand him
because his face is bloated.
Ter then writes what he’s saying. After
giving it to the gang, they are understandably
surprised. It rains afterward, and Mak sees
his friends outside his house. After seeing
the paper that Puak is holding, Mak approaches
them to know what it is about. After attempting
to pass it from one person to another, Mak
finally reads it, getting shocked as well.
The four then immediately leave Mak to return
to the guest house.
There, Shin asks Ter why he did not see Nak
as a ghost when he looked between the legs,
and Ter answers that he looked at Nak’s
legs, not knowing that he is supposed to look
between his legs. They then witness through
the window how Mak confronts Nak. However,
Mak embraces Nak, confusing the gang. Ter
then understands that Mak misread what is
written because the ink has been smudged by
the rain, reading it as “gross” instead
of “ghost”. While the others have made
up their mind to leave, Ter does not want
to abandon Mak.
That night, Ter and Shin decide to go to Mak
to tell him about Nak, leaving Aey and Puak
behind. Aey and Puak then are approached by
Ping, telling them to help him slaughter his
cow as a funeral offering. When they learned
that it was for Ping’s mother and that his
mother died because she attempted to reveal
Nak’s identity, Aey and Puak immediately
followed their friends to warn them.
Ter is about to tell Mak that his wife is
a ghost, but he changes it instead to “beautiful”
after seeing Nak. Aey and Puak arrive with
wet clothes, implying that they crossed the
river without a boat. As they are about to
return to their house, Nak suggests eating
at Mak’s residence.
Afterward, upon seeing the disgusting food,
the four tell Mak that they are full. Ter,
however, eats because he sees Nak’s deadly
stare as if to say the food is to die for.
After Ter eats a dry leaf, the rest eat as
well, with poor Shin having to eat the worms.
Afterward, Mak then invites them to hold his
child, with Shin unluckily chosen again.
After noticing that the four are signalling
each other, Mak wrongly thought they were
thinking about playing charades. While playing
charades, Mak always answers with far-fetched
guesses, prompting Ter to wonder what Mak’s
IQ is. When it is Ter’s turn, the word he
has to make them guess for is “desert”.
They then quickly get the second syllable
with the word “shirt”. When they can’t
get the first syllable, Ter points at Nak
and Shin immediately connects the two syllables
“dead” and “shirt” to form “desert”.
They celebrate only briefly when they realize
that they revealed Nak is dead. They then
make excuses to leave after Mak asks them
what the answer is.
While trying hard to go back to their house
via a boat, the boat briefly circles back
twice due to their anxiety-filled rowing before
finally returning on track.
Mak confronts the four in their house, telling
them that Ping lied to the villagers about
his wife being a ghost because Nak rejected
Ping’s courtship. Mak returns to his house,
telling Nak that he already kicked out his
friends.
Afterward, Mak and Nak then go to a carnival,
with Nak wearing a mask to hide her identity.
They then have fun together. Nak helps Mak
win a “knock the cans” game and remove
the Ferris wheel queue by using her ghostly
powers. While aboard the Ferris wheel, Nak
asks her husband if he can live without her,
and Mak answers that he can’t.
Afterward, the couple enters the haunted house,
while Ter, Puak, and Shin observe from afar.
Ter then tells them that he brought holy rice.
Inside the haunted house, the four kidnap
Mak behind Nak’s back. However, upon finding
out that the door is stuck, the four change
as the haunted house’s monsters, with Ter
placing his foot on Mak’s mouth. After Nak
leaves, the four move again to leave the place,
but they reencounter Nak, with Nak reaching
Ter with her elongated arm. They then break
through the walls to escape to the forest.
In the forest, the four let go of Mak. Mak
then admonishes them for doing this, telling
them that the arm they saw earlier is just
a prop. After telling them that he tried the
“looking between the legs” method and
saw nothing, Mak leaves them.
The gang attempts to follow Mak but cannot
find him. They then see a trail of blood which
leads to Mak. Mak’s war wound has opened
again, leading Ter to think that Mak might
be the ghost. Ter and Shin then take Mak’s
hand to see if he has the wedding ring, and
upon finding nothing, they feel relieved.
However, when Mak shows that his ring is in
his necklace, Ter immediately throws the holy
rice at Mak, making Mak scream in pain. The
four then flee from the area.
After stopping their run, the four then talk
about Nak actually being the living one. They
then agree to save Nak from Mak rather than
leaving her alone with the dead.
Returning to Nak’s house, Puak calls Nak,
telling her that she must go with them. The
sceptical Shin is still afraid of her, telling
them about the food earlier, and Puak justifies
it as just healthy options. After Nak searches
for Mak, the gang makes up an excuse that
Mak is somewhere else. They then leave on
a boat.
In the next scene, the boat starts to sink,
so they have to throw their belongings away.
Puak stupidly asks Nak if her son is necessary,
and he receives silence as an answer. Ter
then has the bright idea to throw the paddles
away, and the boat stops sinking after that,
resulting in a celebration. But now they can’t
move.
Suddenly, Mak appears on the shore, scaring
the four idiots. Mak then swims toward them,
but he gets a muscle cramp and begins to drown.
They then help Mak get out of the water. Mak
then admonishes them for leaving him. Ter
asks why Mak screamed in pain when the holy
rice was thrown at him, and Mak answers that
the rice struck his wound.
The boat starts sinking again, prompting Puak
to ask Nak again if her son is still necessary.
They then paddle with their hands. Ter stops
them, asking about the real ghost. After Aey
drops the wedding ring, Ter screams that Aey
is the ghost, kicking Aey from the boat.
After pointlessly paddling with their hands,
Nak gives them a paddle. Ter stops from his
track after realizing that the paddle is so
far now, which means Nak is the ghost. Ter
then stands to look between his legs, but
all he sees is his friends’ faces. After
failing to get their heads out of the way,
Ter smartly sings their marching song, which
the others follow. After the song is done,
Ter finally sees Nak’s ghostly face. Nak
then reaches Mak with her elongated arm, prompting
them to leave the boat. However, not knowing
how to swim, Shin does not jump, leaving him
behind with Nak. But after Nak holds his head,
Shin jumps to the water and expertly swims
to the shore. They then knock out Mak because
he does not want to leave his wife.
Inside a temple, Puak, Ter, Shin, and a knocked
out Mak are surrounded by strings while a
monk is praying beside them. Nak enters the
temple, but the monk is not afraid because
he has weapons such as holy water, holy rice,
and their strings. However, because of the
rowdy boys, the holy water is spilled, the
holy rice is fed to the birds, and the string
gets broken after the monk is kicked toward
it.
Afterward, the gang find themselves tied to
the same strings that are supposed to protect
them; the monk escapes immediately through
a window. As Nak approaches them, Aey reappears
as well. They then push Puak toward Aey because
he’s still wet from the holy water, resulting
in not one but two kisses from Puak and Aey.
Aey then tells them he’s not a ghost, that
he got the ring because he is broke.
They then attempt to escape Nak, making Nak
scream. After disappearing out of sight, they
find Nak again, but she is hanging on the
roof like Spiderman this time. Nak then tells
them that she did not kill Ping’s drunkard
mother, who falls down the river on her own.
But the gang tells her that she is still selfish
because she should have been on the other
side. Because of this, Nak reaches out to
Mak by stretching her arm.
Mak anticipates the arm, but he closes his
eyes in fear. Because of this, Nak realizes
that Mak is afraid of her. She apologizes
to Mak for lying to him, telling him that
she only wants to be with him for much longer.
Nak then tells Mak that she wants him to carry
on after she’s gone. However, Mak tells
Nak that he knows she’s a ghost all along,
but he decides to continue loving her despite
this realization. After Nak tells him that
their supernatural relationship is wrong,
Mak tells her that while he is afraid of ghosts,
he is more afraid of her absence. Because
of this, the gang is moved to tears.
The film ends with Mak and Nak sharing a passionate
kiss. The post-credit scenes show them living
with Nak despite being a ghost.
Thank you so much for watching. if you enjoyed
this video please hit the like button and
also subscribe my channel for more videos
like this. See you in the next video.